today, i'm thinking about the people i forgot to tell about my birthday, as i read the writing of someone i used to talk to more, a post coincidentally made on january 20th. some people remembered on their own effort, some i reminded, some gave me belated wishes, some i met after and only knew it was so recent then, but i suppose the rest were never invited. and i suppose its natural certain people disappear from the picture after a while, there's just something melancholic about it regardless. i never intend to replace certain people with others, but it seems that the rate in which i leave certain people and adopt new ones is roughly equal. i just hope that i don't ruin relationships with the newer people too much. that being said though, i certainly don't know if i'm to a good start or not. time will tell. i certainly wish i could just reset some relationships to their starting point.

today, the sky is the blue of spring and the only clouds are far off into the horizon. the sun splashes off the concrete and like midas, turns it all into a golden glow. it's hard to know whether to integrate the joy i get from seeing these desolate landscapes of northeastern post-america in the light of the sun as part of my greater belief that desolation itself is quite beautiful, or if i just have seasonal affective disorder. both are plausible i think. regardless, i've come to appreciate the shadows more. in the winter, when the sky is ash and the sun is more of a suggestion, like the idea of venus or saturn or some far off thing that we can only perceive of in the past, the world is an unfinished 3d render. the soft lighting has removed the definition of everything. reality is less grounded without shadows keeping everything in its place. and, i really hate to continue basing my ideas of beauty off the rejection of androgyny, since i find contradiction itself as beautiful and human, and, well, my own identity is not very defined, or certain, or one thing. but i appreciate the shadows that the bright glow of the sun creates. long, tall, dark, defined shapes. they're so important in my idea of a space at all.

today, i've been thinking on the end of the cybercafe. it seems so strange that there were once real-life places that represented areas in which the internet existed, like oases in a once non-internetful world. it's omnipresent now, but it is also confined. the business, instant messaging, the infrastructure that facilitates society is unanimous and inescapable, but using the internet on a more intimate level, though a truly arbitrary distinction, seems contained to the home. it's the way in which "online" can carry weight as an attack against someone, even though we're all always online. and of course my lamenting of the death of the cybercafe in my specific part of america is certainly built off of some misplaced nostalgia. there used to be one in the city my father lives in, but its been replaced by a restaurant already. i think i went in there once — it was sort of a dingy thing, but i remember sitting at a couch in a public space, which was really an odd feeling. i think there was also an arcade cabinet in there. silly, frivolous things. i just still bear that desire to meet internetful people in a meaningful way. i bear a set of cultural and social norms born of the internet that i don't think anyone outside of it would really understand. there's that strict division between "internet" and "reality" that still does exist, it's just that reality has subsumed some of the internet, and part of me yearns for that division to be even more pronounced. reintroduce gatekeeping, make the barriers of entry so great that only the most touch-deprived can access instant messaging, make it so cumbersome that there is no market in it or any small business that can easily set up a server. make a new internet, with only the cool people this time, and that place will be ours.
