i want to write but i've found some difficulty in finding anything to write /about/ recently, as recently has just been quiet murmurings and vacancy. it doesn't help that i've felt like i don't really have anywhere to belong since i've gotten back to college either. my room is no longer my own, it's shared by someone who desires my attention when what i want more than anything is an empty room, exactly to my aesthetic preferences.

it has at least meant i've been out of my room more. there are many halls that terminate with seating and windows peering out to white-gray ashy horizons. i don't really know what a productive environment for me looks like (which makes me wonder: have i ever been productive?), or if one exists, if instead it's just a manic, fleeting feeling, that i can only either capitalize on or let fall through my fingers, never containable.

i've just been reading various books. there's so much i want to read. the relative dryness of them is hampering me though, i think (has anyone ever been inspired by baudrillard?). i sort of hate my essay ideas that are all internetful in their reference back to the internet and never really alluding to something greater. i need to get back to /core/ basic realities and ideas, i can't let twitter rot my brain so much that it's the only thing that forms my output. i can transform my manufactured anger into academic slop, but how much is that really worth? is it illuminating? it's just a very effort-intensive way of venting that abstracts away the actual things i'm talking about — because i can't say "what i'm really talking about here is this twitter thread that was composed of 40-60% ragebait, as there is now a financial incentive for some users of twitter to make terrible posts."

but i don't really know what truths i, of all people, can illuminate. so i read, and read, waiting for that something to strike me in the head and put me into action. even though i champion writing as one of my few, important hobbies, i'm very limited: i rarely write creatively, i don't create poetry or mood pieces generally, i only write in the form of the journal and the essay, and the latter is the one which means "true" writing in my mind, and it is a cruel type of writing. feelings and emotion have to be pulled out and played with a certain experience and delicateness that isn't present in other types of writing. i want to venture outside of this, not only because it's limiting to me, but because i don't think it's good. i want to capture true feeling, not just allude to it. i think in all of my creative writing thus far, the principal theme has been agony. maybe that should change, we'll see, but really it's quite funny thinking back on middle (or high?) school, in which i wrote this long story about slowly dying in a desert, howling in agony, and burying myself in the sand. it was a metaphor for school, or something like that.

i suppose i'll get back to reading. i hope to write soon.
